1. WHAT IS JAVASCRIPT
 
 	JavaScript is a high-level, object-oriented, multi-paradigm programming language!
 	
 	WHAT IS:
 	
 		Programming language - Instruct computer to do things;
 		
 		High-level - We don't have to worry about complex stuff like memory management;
 		
 		Object-oriented - Based on objects, for storing most kind of data;
 		
 		Multi-Paradigm - We can use different styles of programming (imperative/declarative);
 		
 		
 		
2. THE ROLE OF JS IN WEB DEVELOPMENT
 
 	The 3 cores of webdevelopment are: HTML, CSS, JS;
 		
 		HTML - content (NOUNS); 
 		CSS - presentation (ADJECTIVES); 
 		JS - programming language: building web applications (VERBS);


3. LINKING A JS FILE

    Usually to the end of the 'body' we write:

        " <script src="nameOfTheFile.js"></script> "


4. VALUES AND VARIABLES 

    VALUE -  pies of data (most fundamental unit of information that we have in programming).

	VARIABLE - box in wich we store a VALUE;

    We can store VALUES into a VARIABLES and reuse them over and over again;

    write VARIABLES with camelCase - convention in JS world.

    Rules for declaring a variable in js:

        Can't start with number;
            it give us a 'Uncaught SyntaxErrir' - that's mean that we did a mistake by writing our code;
		
		Variable names can only contain = letters, numbers, underscore "_" and dolar sign "$";

		Another error might occure when we try to name a variable using a reserved JS word "new" for example;

		"name" is the only one reserved word that we can use for naming a variable, but it is possible to have some unexpected beahviour (don't name a variable just "name");


5. DATA TYPES

	In JS every VALUE has a type. Value can be either an object or primitive. A vaue is only a primitive when it is not an object. 

	The 7 primitive data types:

		1. Number;

		2. String;

		3. Boolean;

		4. Undefined - Value taken by a variable that is not yet defined('emtpy value');

		5. Null - Also means 'emtpy value';

		6. Symbol - Value that is unique and cannot be changes [Not useful for now];

		7. BigInt - Larger integers than the Number type can hold;

	
	JS has dynamic typing: We do not have to manually define the data type of the value stored in  variable. Instead, data types are determined automatically.

	"typeof value" - shows the type of the value;

	typeof null - return it is object(it is bug in JS)



6. LET, CONST, VAR

	variable declared with const is imutable, and that also means that we can't declare a empty variable;
	the best bractice is to use 'const' for declaring a variables. It is good to have as les as posible variable mutations in code.

	let is block scope.
	var is function scope.



7. BASIC OPERATORS

	Operators allow us to transform values and combine multiple values.

	Arithmetick operators.
	Assignment operators - '=', '+='...
	Comparison operators - '<', '>', '==', '===', '<=', '>='